Applied feedback to the moving-levels review template (#1387)
cncf/tag-security: project-resources/moving-levels-review-template.md

### Past TOC Reviews

> If already accepted, how has the project addressed comments from previous TAG or TOC reviews?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the project has undergone a previous TAG or TOC review, how has the project addressed comments from those reviews?
```
